{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green60\blue192;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Zoom meeting\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://kyoto-u-edu.zoom.us/j/81448067547?pwd=YlVIK2gwa25EVTR2NHZQd09ONmZmZz09"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://kyoto-u-edu.zoom.us/j/81448067547?pwd=YlVIK2gwa25EVTR2NHZQd09ONmZmZz09}}\
Meeting ID : 814 4806 7547\
Pass code : 278458\
\
Let me remind you the time: 4th Feb (Thur.) 8AM-10 AM JST, \'a010 AM-12 AM, AEDT\'a0\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0which is 3rd Feb (Wed.) \'a03 PM-5 PM, PST.\'a0\
\
Here is a tentative schedule of the meeting.\'a0\
(It is just a tentative plan. Please let me know if you have suggestions for the schedule.)\
\'a0\
8:00-8:20 \'a0Introduce each other. Kumagai gives a short summary of the presentation in the movie.\
8:20-8:50 \'a0 Discussion (RIMS members answer questions from the committee members.)\'a0\
8:50-9:50 \'a0 Discussion among committee members. \'a0\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 (Host of the Zoom will be given to Prof. Eisenbud. RIMS members move to a breakout room\'a0\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0and do not (cannot) listen to the discussion. \'a0(If committee members have questions etc, they\'a0\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0can use \'93chat\'94 to contact RIMS members.)\'a0\
9:50-10:00 \'a0Summarize discussions on the day.\'a0\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0(If there is \'93homework\'94 from the committee members for the next meeting, that would be\'a0\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 summarized here.)\'a0\
\
If you have any questions, please let us know.\'a0\
We are looking forward to meeting you on Zoom next week.\
Thank you!\
\
With my best regards,\
Takashi Kumagai\'a0\
\
P.S. We sent you two PDF files, i.e. "Self-Evaluation Report" and \'93Additional Data (answering\
questions from the committee)\'94. In case you do not find them out, please let me know.\'a0\
The movies are available from the following URL:\
(Movies)\'a0\
URL:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.kurims.kyoto-u.ac.jp/~admin/vidsforass/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://www.kurims.kyoto-u.ac.jp/~admin/vidsforass/}}\
username : video\
password : \'a0Ay2020ax\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs20 \cf4 \cb5 \
}