{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15440\viewh23620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf0 1. IJURC; internationalization [need for space; support of grad students; \
[other JURC: Kyushu ("Mathematics in Industry"), Applied Statistics inst in Tokyo. But RIMS is biggest, most important] \
\
2. Research\
\
3. \
\
Report segments:\
\
-- this is a tentative list of possible topics; I suggest we divide them among us for first drafts, then circulate for comments to our committee; eventually give a preliminary version to Kumagai for comment.\
\
1 Space: -- interaction with President Nagahiro Minato if any\
\
2 Education: are the graduate students getting a broad education? Do the MS students get the advising/help they need to prepare for and find non-academic jobs?\
\
3) Internationalization: what are concrete plans for better publicity? [choose some foreign memebers for the advisory/tech committee? Or create a committee with external members? NOT too many!]\
\
4) Diversity:  what are concrete plans to increase the number of eligible/successful women?\
Hiring of mostly Kyoto University\
\
5) Problem of non-promotion of assistant/associate professors?\
\
---\
Advisory and Technical committees; 25-30 people chosen by scientific council of the government outside outside RIMS. RIMS then chooses the people within Kyoto. (ask Kumagai). Good to have a wide group of mathematicians involved. \
\
RIMS was est by recommendation of the Sci council.\
\
\
---\
Questions to add:\
What is the placement of the assistant professors who leave?\
\
quality of wifi? Other computing resources? Who uses it? Different buildings?\
--\
\
DRAFT Letter:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Dear President Minato,\
\
We have been asked by the Research Institute of the Mathematical Sciences (RIMS) to evaluate their programs in Research, Education, and in the context of the International Joint Usage Research Center (JURC).\
\
RIMS is a spectacularly successful jewel of Japanese mathematics. It is known and highly respected by the foremost mathematicians around the world, and a great many of them have visited RIMS for conferences or for longer stays. Intellectually and in fame RIMS operates on the highest international plane.\'a0\
\
Unfortunately, RIMS' physical plant is not commensurate with its importance [Is this strong enough? how about "not appropriate for an Institute at this\'a0level"?]. Institutes in mathematics such as RIMS operate by bringing people together, and helping them engage with each other. But RIMS separation into 7 [number correct?] different buildings, and overall shortage of space, strongly hinders this process. Because RIMS is so visible internationally, and such an important part of the reputation of Kyoto University, we want to bring this to your urgent attention.\
We therefore request a meeting with you to discuss how the situation could be improved.\
\
Sincerely Yours,\
\
David Eisenbud, Director,\'a0\
Mathematical Sciences Research Institute\
and Professor of Mathematics,\'a0\
University of California, Berkeley\
(Committee Chair)\

\f2\fs20 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
Outline of the 2018 report:\
\
Intro (1 p)\
\
TOC\
\
Exec Summary (1.3 pp)\
A Comment on importance of math\
B findings\
C recommendations\
\
I. Assessment \
I.1 RIMS as international center\
I.2 Research quality\
I.3 Grad program\
I.4 Cooperative Research Institute (JU/RC)\
\
2. Facilities and resources\
2.1 Space\
2.2 Admin staff\
2.3 Financial\
2.4 Computing\
2.5 Library, publications\
\
3. Helping RIMS grow internationally/ Future Challenges\
3.1 Research\
3.2 Graduate and postgraduate centre\
3.3 Workshops and Conferences\
3.4 National and international networking, international visitors.\
3.5 Outreach\
===========\
\
Further questions to pose: \
\
1) How is the flow of proposals for workshops and visitors handled? What is the interaction between the advisor board and the technical committee? Is it a problem or a plus that there are non-RIMS members?}